README.md, before:

# Professional README Generator Starter Code

## Description

Using Node.js and inquirer package, we are building a README.md file generator based on user input. I used the following guide to help generator the accurate information: https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/github/professional-readme-guide

 
## Table of Contents 
 
 - [Installation](#installation)
 - [Usage](#usage)
 - [Credits](#credits)
 - [License](#license)
 - [Walkthrough Video](#license)
 - [Tests](#tests)
 - [Deployed Links](#deployedlinks)
 
## Installation


 
## Usage

User Story 

AS A developer
I WANT a README generator
SO THAT I can quickly create a professional README for a new project

Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
WHEN I enter my project title
THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
WHEN I enter my GitHub username
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
WHEN I enter my email address
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README

## Walkthrough Video

## Tests

## Deployed Links 

 GitHub Repo:
 Deployed Page:

Commit message:

worked on license funcion and README

README.md, after:

# Professional README Generator Starter Code

## Description

Using Node.js and inquirer package, we are building a README.md file generator based on user input. I used the following guide to help generator the accurate information: https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/github/professional-readme-guide

Shoutout to this resource for the help on license badges: https://gist.github.com/lukas-h/2a5d00690736b4c3a7ba

 
## Table of Contents 
 
 - [Installation](#installation)
 - [Usage](#usage)
 - [Credits](#credits)
 - [License](#license)
 - [Walkthrough Video](#license)
 - [Deployed Links](#deployedlinks)
 
## Installation

In order to install the project, please install Node and start with npm i on the command line. To start the application, please type node index.js in the command line in the root directory.

Tech Used:

Node.js
Inquirer Package

## Usage

User Story 

AS A developer
I WANT a README generator
SO THAT I can quickly create a professional README for a new project

Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
WHEN I enter my project title
THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
WHEN I enter my GitHub username
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
WHEN I enter my email address
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README

## Walkthrough Video


## Deployed Links 

 GitHub Repo:
 Deployed Page:
